So today we're going to talk about how
to price your services for maximum
profit and despite what some people
might tell you sometimes you are in fact
charging way too much [__] money
there's a certain price where you reach
the maximum amount of profit and that's
what we're trying to get get at here
because if you're charging something if
you're charging some price and you
reduce the price by 50% but the sales
velocity because of that goes up 300%
it's obviously a [__]
good idea to lower the price like it
just is right so what you're trying to
do is find that very happy medium that
maximizes profit in proportion to how
much traffic you're able to obtain so
what we're going to do today is go to
this document that I have prepared and
the first thing we're going to talk
about is high ticket versus low ticket
in the state of the market right so back
in 2020 2021 there was a big shift I
remember seeing this where literally
everyone was talking about raise your
prices raise your prices raise your
prices everyone you're not charging
enough money
now this made a [__] ton of sense when
there was a absolute [__] ton of
liquidity being pumped into the market
in the form of 0% interest rates and
stimulus checks so that made a lot of
sense where out of [__] nowhere the
money supply quite literally tripled so
if there happens to be triple the amount
of money in Supply therefore you can in
fact triple your prices and you're going
to experience to say same exact sales
velocity but as the market has lapsed
and interest rates have gone up and
there are no more stimulus checks and
the money supply is being decreased what
that means is that now you begin to see
either a severe slowing down of people
raising their prices or deflation where
people are reducing their prices because
some people just raise their [__] way
too much to an unsustainable level that
just doesn't make sense in a market that
isn't printing more money perpetually
right so at that point everyone was
buying anything for any reason but the
rent of the people you're selling to
like their housing is up three times the
food they have to buy is up twice as
much the brands you're working for your
agency sto making less sales and
therefore couldn't afford you anymore
consumers are not being approved for
loans like they were three years ago and
businesses can't expand fast because the
interest rates and Loan loans are too
high and they won't be able to service
the debt what this means is that if you
raised your prices too high during this
time period you're making no [__]
profit right now and that's the only
thing that we're concerned with in a
business is the production of profit
literally [__] nothing else matters
right so what we're going to talk about
today is fixed expense businesses
because normally in an agency or a
service business most of your expenses
are fixed so probably 95% of you
watching this video are running some
form of a marketing agency and typically
in a marketing agency about 70% of
everything you spend is going to be
fixed so you're running a fixed expense
business right now here's what this
means it means you're going to have to
pay the same amount for your [__] every
month regardless of how much volume of
business comes with the door right so
here's the interesting about running a
fixed expense business the more volume
of business you push through the door
the higher your margin goes the down
side of this is if you start to lose
volume of business then you go under
much faster right so here's a here's a
very easy depiction of this you have
your revenue and then up to here is your
fixed expenses let's say it's like
$10,000 a month of fixed expens
that's the point of zero profit and you
make more Revenue your margin the Delta
between these two lines goes up so your
margin goes up now I made a nice little
Google sheet for this and if we go over
here we can exemplify this so let's say
that we
have a
$20,000 $330,000 Revenue business right
and these are these we're going to we're
holding these in place right so your
fixed expenses are $20,000 per month and
you have a variable expense of 20% so at
all times 80% of everything is your
fixed expenses right so right now if we
make $30,000 in
Revenue our profit margin is
13.33% right so we have $26,000 in total
expenses for a $4,000 profit if we
increase this this Revenue if we incre
increase our Revenue just 30%
to
$40,000 our margin [__]
doubles and more than
doubles it's an amplified
effect when you run a fixed expense
business so now let's put this up let's
put this up
25% and now the margin goes up 33% it's
an amplified effect because again as you
go further along this line the delta
spreads it spreads farther and far for
every incremental amount you go forward
on the revenue the Delta spreads at an
increasingly faster rate therefore if we
go to $100,000 in Revenue now our margin
is 60% and if we go to $200,000 in
Revenue now our margin's 70% it's an
amplified effect the The Profit
amplifies you see what I mean by this
because most of your expenses are fixed
therefore what I'm trying to tell you is
that you if you're running an agency and
all of your [__] is a fixed expense you
need to have a pricing low enough that
continuously pushes sales velocity like
you want volume of business if your if
your expenses are fixed if most of your
[__] is fixed expenses you make more
profit per additional customer for every
additional customer you get get the
profit goes up on that individual
customer you see what I mean by this
this is why it's so important to play
with your pricing to to to find that
level that amplifies the [__] out of it
right so but some but we're all human
and you and sometimes you just got to
feel it out right so like the most
optimal pricing is the one where you're
closing exactly between 20 to 30% of
your calls very
consistently and then you design the
product or fulfillment after that
you see what I mean like if if some
people will only spend this much for the
way this product is designed but they'll
spend way more if their product is
designed like
this or they'll they they'll they'll
convert way higher when the product is
this priced but there's less fulfillment
and and and less of a deliverable then
it makes more sense to do that we don't
always get to sell what we want like
sometimes the market just only wants to
buy a very specific form of an offer and
they buy it at a at a particular price
like we don't always get to sell what we
want we we're only allowed to sell
specifically what the market wants to
purchase and you have to play with these
variables and [__] with them and I'm
going to get into this way deeper in a
second here right so another thing you
need to note is that if your clients are
not actively unprompted telling you that
you should be charging more that means
you're charging too much people should
actively be telling you that you can
charge more if they are not doing that
it means that you are charging too much
right from a personal perspective
between like 300 and 500k a month or our
margin range from 40 to 60% if you're
below 50k per month you should be
hanging around 60 to 75% if you were
above 75% you need to be more aggressive
you either need to spend more on
marketing or you need to reduce your
prices so you increase velocity you see
what I mean and now an objection I might
get to me saying this is or you can just
get better at sales with your current
pricing and not lower it so let me make
something like abundantly clear to you
there's no amount of sales trickery in
and finesse that's going to somehow
animate additional dollars into the
wallet of your
prospects if you're charging too much
and your prospects quite literally and
honestly can't afford it there is
absolutely no skill or ability you can
finesse and maneuver to change that fact
they just don't [__] have enough
money they just don't like sometimes
people all I can't afford it and they
actually [__] just can't afford
it like that that's the you need to play
with your pricing until you're closing
exactly between 20 to 30% of your calls
and it doesn't feel like you're climbing
up Mount Everest to close a singular
deal it's you know how like sometimes
you're getting on calls and like this
person needs to see this this person
needs to see this this person needs to
see this this person need and it's like
a a total colossal pain in the ass to
get anyone to purchase your [__] like
it's just so [__]
annoying it shouldn't feel like that
it's not supposed to feel like you're
con stantly running an uphill battle it
should be pretty easy to close people
consistently and if it's not pretty easy
to close people
consistently you're charging too much
money that's how it works right so if
charging 20% higher prices means it
takes three times more work and extends
your sales cycle four times longer while
most of your expenses are fixed your
entire business starts to become
completely inefficient it's better to
just reduce the price 20% and have it be
onethird the amount of work and realize
the revenue four times
faster like it just and and your life is
just easier like it's just better to do
that because if you keep doing this
where your prices are too high and you
have to climb up Mount Everest for every
single deal everything's a colossal pen
of the ass you're going to get stressed
out you're going to start to make
erratic and terrible decisions and
you're going to [__] hate your life
and quit your business and that's just
how it's going to work
that's that's just how this works now
you shouldn't confuse
this
with it's not always your pricing
sometimes you just don't have enough
[__] traffic like people just don't
know you exist so you need to know like
you should be getting calls in the first
place and if the calls are just not
closing well
enough then what that means is that
you're charging too much if you're just
not getting calls in the first place you
either have an offer problem or you have
a traffic problem you need to work on
that that's a different variable now
let's talk about this for a second I
have two graphs here so the probability
that somebody
purchases is a combination between their
perceived likelihood of success
multiplied by what the achievement is so
what what does that mean so like if the
if if the achievement is I'm going to
help you make $50,000 in profit and then
you have a [__] ton of case studies and
guarantee that they get $50,000 in
profit then the probability they
purchase increases a lot right now
here's the typical
Hermos value equation you have the dream
outcome multiplied by the perceived
likelihood that they get the achievement
divided
by the time it takes to get the
achievement multiplied by the effort and
the sacrifice but what are these
variables because this is a math this is
just a math equation this is all this is
right so we need the dream outcome to go
higher we need the perceived likelihood
of the dream outcome going higher we
need the time delay to go down and we
need the effort and the sacrifice to go
down that is to increase the value but
what are these variables like what make
up these variables the dream outcome
variables is the claim you make like in
your headline I can get you
this like how much money they'll make
the perceived likelihood of achievement
is Do you have a guarantee and do you
have case studies that other people have
got
that the time delay is how long you say
it's going to take and how long it took
other people to get it which is case
studies again so you take a note here
that a case study increases the
perceived likelihood of achievement and
decreases the time delay simultaneously
so it amplifies the value up higher
that's why case studies are very very
important and the effort and sacrifice
is how much it
costs it's your pricing
therefore sometimes if you raise if you
lower your price by just like 10% or 20%
it amplifies the [__] out of the value
and then because the value is higher
more people
purchase you see what I mean it's just
math like everything is math is that
you're just taking a bet like if I lower
the price 20% I think double as many
people will purchase in which case it's
a very good idea to do that and you have
to put this out into the market and play
with it and [__] with it it's the only
way to know if it's going to work you
have to [__] with this don't if
you just because you you charge someone
some price doesn't mean you can't sell
the same [__] to someone else for a
different price you you don't pick a
price and that's your price forever like
you're not locked in like you always
need to be dynamic you don't need sling
[__] deals like you can you can
change anything you want for any reason
at any time see what I mean so here's
what you should do next you should
subscribe to this channel
you should download this document in the
Google sheet at the link in the
description that's below and you should
go to client ascension. comom to learn
how we guarantee you sign 5 to 25 of
your next clients already get a full
refund and you can go watch this video
that's up at the top right here video
right here you can go watch that too all
right that's it for me peace I love you
goodbye